congratulations on purchasing your new
polar Ft for this is a quick guide that
will help you get started in just a few
minutes the polar ft 4 comes with
everything you need to set up and get
going the RIS unit will measure heart
rate and other info during your exercise
the heart rate sensor sends the signal
wirelessly to the wrist unit the ft4 has
five buttons the top right button is to
scroll up in the menu the bottom right
button is to scroll down the center
right is an okay start button the bottom
left button is the back exit button and
the top left button is for the light
when opening the package for the first
time press any button to start once the
display is activated this setting wizard
will guide you through the most
important settings it's important that
you're precise with the basic settings
especially when setting your weight
height date of birth and sex as they
have an impact on the accuracy of the
heart rate limits and calorie
expenditure now you're ready to start
exercising with your new ft4 first start
by moistening the electrode area of the
strap next attach the connector to the
strap and strap it around your chest
just below the chest muscles
from the main display on the wrist unit
press the start button once once it's
found your heart rate you're ready to
get moving
press Start to begin your exercise
during an exercise you could change the
view with the up or down button if you
have to pause the recording press the
back button once and to continue press
the ok start button once when you're
done with the exercise and would like to
stop the recording press the back button
twice review your exercise by pressing
the top button until you see the data
menu press the ok Start button to find
your training files from here you can
view the duration of your exercise how
many calories you burn and time and zone
for your last 10 exercises we hope this
video is helpful and made it very simple
to get started with your new polar FT
for welcome to the polar community and
we look forward to being your training
partner